"Whenever you get this phone, just install any hardware info software and check for the camera, the front(selfie) camera is OK. But the rear camera is just 8mp where they advertising by saying that this phone has 50+2 mp camera. All is a false advertising. And also the advertisement is showing that an 18 Watt charger will be in the box. But when you get the box, it is just a 10 Watt charger. And most of all, the phone doesn't supports Fast charging, because I have a 22 watt fast charger, but it doesn't work with it.

Otherwise the phone is good for its money because it has 8 GB of RAM and 128 GB of internal storage. And it gets a littile bit hot when doing heavy tasks, but that's fine."
"Camera is not upto the mark, other aspects are good"
"Nice camera and battery"
"Value for money"
"Good and value wealth"
"Very good mobile"
"This mobile phone is very nice. Having so many good features.camera quality is good.its value for money"
"Great performance and worderful services & shoping experience with Amazon"
"Nice job and great built quality by xiaomi. I am happy with xiaomi products."
"Firstly, the design of the phone is sleek and modern, with a slim profile that makes it easy to hold and carry around. The 6.5-inch FHD+ display is crystal clear and provides a great viewing experience for watching videos or playing games.

The performance of the Redmi 10 Power is exceptional, thanks to the 8GB RAM and the powerful Snapdragon 662 processor. The phone runs smoothly and seamlessly, and I have not experienced any lag or slowdown even when multitasking or running resource-intensive apps.

The battery life of the Redmi 10 Power is simply outstanding. With a massive 6000mAh battery, I can easily go through an entire day of heavy usage without needing to recharge. And when I do need to charge the phone, the 18W fast charger included in the box quickly charges the battery back up.

The camera on this phone is also impressive, with a 48MP quad-camera setup that captures stunning photos and videos. The AI scene recognition and night mode features are particularly noteworthy, as they allow me to take great photos in low-light conditions.

Overall, I would highly recommend the Redmi 10 Power to anyone looking for a powerful, feature-packed smartphone at an affordable price. It is an excellent value for money, and I am extremely satisfied with my purchase"
"poor,extremely bad product"
"do not buy please"
"very bad"